a frantic search for survivors Southern
Gaza is now more densely populated than
before with displaced Palestinians
packed into areas where Israel says they
will be safe from the air
strikes a young boy is pulled from the
rebel he's disorientated what's your
name his Rescuers
asked can you stand up they ask
he tells Rescuers his family was at home
with him they were sleeping their fate
is
unknown others are still trapped under
the
rubble Rescuers call out hoping anyone
still alive will hear them and
respond this is the harsh reality for
Palestinians a lack of equipment and
digging with their bare
hands in the morning they assess the
damage and are still search
in this residential house was pounded by
Israeli missiles all inside are innocent
civilians there are no militants here
this residential building was shelled by
the Israeli war planes it housed about
90 persons the households together with
more than 70 gin displaced from the
north about 22 were confirmed killed the
rest are still
missing forcibly displaced the making
makeshift shelters and sand there's a
lack of food and water they make do with
what they can
we evacuated our homes with nothing the
most challenging aspect is the cold I
wear my husband's pants to keep warm and
people gave us blankets we slept on the
sand No Rest bite for Palestinians who
have already been displaced several
times Israel is targeting the camp with
smoke
bombs there's not a single place in Gaza
that is safe there is simply nowhere to
go as said B Al
jazer let's go to our correspondent hany
mmud he's joining us live from Southern
Gaza he's in Rafa foras hany firstly
tell us about these new evacuation
orders the Israeli military has issued
where is it telling people to go to this
time yes well people have been ordered
sharply uh with a threatening tone in
the statement as of early our this
morning residents of the northern part
of Gaza City are ordered to evacuate uh
their uh residential homes and the
evacuation centers uh namely the hona
designated shelters for evacuates uh to
take Salah Road and go all the way to
the city of darel balah now derah is a
central part of Gaza Strip it's the
middle area that separates the northern
part and the southern part now this area
have been effectively separated and cut
off from the the rest of the the Gaza
Strip with serious lack of food and and
and water and and basic supplies it's
becoming very very risky for people to
stand there as they're running out of
every Bas is there's actually a
starvation going on in that area but
people within the past two days were
also told to evacuate the Eastern
neighborhood of of Gaza uh City and the
northern part namely jabal Fiji camp we
have Shaya neighborhood zun neighborhood
and other L populated neighborhood all
the way directly to the western side of
Gaza of the Gaza Strip but they found
themselves under heavy bombardment and
Relentless air strike people had no
other chice but to flee to whatever
facilities was still remaining in the
area people in Gaza ran to a shifa
hospital to seeking refuge and shter in
its building and now what's going on
people are told to go to the central
part yeah it's
certain safe as
for weeks now for weeks we've seen the
Israeli Army telling people to go
further and further south Bala is not in
the South and when they do make it to
the South Rafa for where you are for
example is completely overwhelmed by the
number of people who've been displaced
many
times exactly and this is confirmed very
consistent what we see on the ground
there's the this war is taken multiple
levels now there is the North and the
Gaza destroyed completely entire every
me been destroyed the central part is
destroyed by starvation people have cut
off from the rest of the strip with no
access to anything and now Khan units is
under heavy bombardment but ra City it's
double there is bombardment going on
Relentless air strike but people keeping
keep pushed into Raa we talk about a
population that went from 260,000 th000
people all the way to 1 million people
in ra now it's running out of space
running out of supplies and it's not
safe that's the problem people are told
it is safe to avoid getting bombed in
the North and the and Gaz find them
themselves under heavy bombardment there
are evidence of this within the past
weeks mainly this place and evacu got
killed in the central part in kanun and
City and ra City just within hours of
their arrival and and that's why there
is huge mistrust and and lack of of of
of faith in the Israeli narrative and
mainly people describe it as being vague
contradictory and confusing for the most
part the area they've been told to go to
is under heavy bombardment once again
they get killed in those safe area
they're being killed if they move and
they're being killed if they stay that
is hanni Mahmud live for us in Rafa in
southern
Gaza